This past summer, the new mayors and Susan and I had the privilege to attend the special
convention into Blycy, Georgia.
We had delegates from 18 different countries.
Artola Tennis, including those tied in 21,914, with 208 baptized.
The unity of our brotherhood was on display as you will see in this brief video.
When the teaching committee informed us that we had been approved to hold a special convention
in Georgia, we were thrilled.
They provided detailed direction and responsible brothers were appointed to oversee the daunting
task of caring for nearly 2,500 delegates from more than 10 countries.
Several brothers and sisters from all over the country eagerly volunteered to assist.
Many volunteers were willing to travel several hours each way for training.
Jehovah bless the unity and willing spirit of those who were courageous and strong and
went to work.
These hardworking brothers and sisters often were willing to use their own material resources
to support the special convention preparations.
Because of their willing spirit, everything was ready on time.
A brother told me when we got on the plane that you're taught to love but when you get
there you're going to be shown how to love and that happened.
We landed at midnight and they were there, ready to hug us, it was awesome.
With Jehovah's help I can fight with Jehovah's help I can win.
We are the victors.
We win.
We courageously stay with Jehovah God and His people.
It's absolutely amazing to have brothers from Azerbaijan, Armenia, Turkmenistan, Poland,
the United States, Spain and many other countries and it's like we've known our brothers
all our life but yet we're just now meeting them.
Our united brotherhood gives us yet another reason for confidence that there are more with
us than against us.
No matter where you go, the friends are there, they'll take you home, they'll feed you,
they'll go out and service with you.
The purpose of the Unigathering Program was not only to give a taste of the local culture
but was also an opportunity for local publishers who worked on the program for month to demonstrate
their love toward their visiting brothers and sisters.
We don't want to go back home.
The love of the brothers and the way that we're an international, complete family.
It's not separate, it's not segregated, it is a family and that experience is like nothing
ever.
It's very touching.
We kept hearing that this experience is a little taste of what the new world will be like.
When everyone on the planet earth will be of the same family, we'll truly love each other,
have the same father.
And that's absolutely what makes us brothers and sisters.
We all have the same father, our father, Jehovah.